accept complex query like command line program (#689)
liuchengxu/vim-clap: doc/clap-support.txt

                         the git base directory or `getcwd()` . For example,
                         use `Clap grep ..` to grep from the parent directory.

>                          Use `Clap grep -- word1 word2..` to grep a complex
> 			 query, all text after -- would be the query text. You
> 			 have to pass `++opt=[OPTION]` and `[DIR]` befor `--`
> 			 if there is any of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                         Use `Clap grep -- word1 word2..` to grep a complex
			                   query, all text after -- would be treated as the query
			                   text. You have to pass `++opt=[OPTION]` and `[DIR]`
			                   before `--` if there is any of them.
```
